---
toc: True
comments: True
layout: post
title: College Board Quiz Reflection
description: Lesson on Java recursion.
type: ccc
courses: {'csa': {'week': 11}}
authors: Ethan Tran
---

```python
 Journey, Learnings, and Discoveries
```

During my time working on the sorting algorithm for the car game, I faced challenges and learned about interesting things. My main task was to work on both the backend and frontend for the sorting algorithm race. One important thing I learned this trimester was the use of inheritance in our code. Before, my code did not have a superclass and my code was very redundant, which peer graders and Mr. Mortensen pointed out. From there, I started to work on implementing inheritance code within my team's backend for sorting. This turned out to be very useful, allowing for more organized and efficient code. Inheritance helped my team build on existing code without creating unnecessary mess. Furthermore, my team's lesson on jQuery also allowed me to learn more about it. It was new territory for me, so I had to do more research than expected to prepare for the lesson. The main idea I taught involved Event Methods, which led to some research on sites such as W3Schools and such. As a team, we achieved our goal of creating a racing game that incorporated a really cool simulation of the algorithms for sorting and Fibonacci in the form of a race. Our team made sure to listen to advice given by our each other, peers, as well as from Mr. Mortensen ie. inheritance as previously mentioned and an educational aspect. Outside of class, we setup times to meet and discussed plans and any questions or help via a group chat. In terms of the multiple choice test, I thought that I did not do too bad on it. I missed 4 points meaning that I scored a 35/39, which is about an 89%. I don't think that I did poorly on this quiz and after submitting the test I asked questions and compared results with a good friend and fellow CSA student, Rachit Jaiswal. After the MCQ, we got different questions incorrect and correct so we were able to learn from each other, this was very helpful to understanding what I missed on the exam. Overall, I have really enjoyed this trimester and CSA as a whole so far and cannot wait for what the future holds.
